# 7 Sep 2023

## [[The Week Thing]]
* What are the most important and unique features?
* How do we want to guide the user to use these features?

The focus should not be on the Today view but it should be on This Week (showing Highlights only?) and a way to plan for the next week. 

Another idea would be to **divide everything in Large, Medium, and Small**. Allowing the user to select, per day a maximum of:
- 1 Large 
- 2 or 3 Medium 
- 3 or 5 Small

This idea was taken from [[Make time]] 

If the user has finished their tasks, they can then add other ones to Today. Or maybe not. Maybe **their day is considered done and, if they want to close something else they have to go to the Backlog**.
To highlight the focus on Today, we could make so that **only tasks in Today can be checked of with a click**. Everywhere else you first need to open/inspect the task. 

Develop a methodology (marketing focus) and create a community around it (Discord, Reddit). 

Simplify as much as possible. Revolve the entire app around the basic workflow and don’t add anything else. 

Which pages do we really need in the sidebar?
- Inbox
- Today
- This week
- Next week (might appear only at certain times)
- Next (or can this be a tag?)
- Backlog (find a better name)
- Someday
- Tags
  - Large
  - Medium
  - Small
  - Next 
  - [Custom tags]
- Logbook (find a better name?)
- Guide/Method
- Preferences

**The Next week screen could have a bucket at the top of the page where you just drop tasks (they go there by default when shared to Next week)**. The rest of the page would be the same as This week, where you see the days of the week in a list. 

The **two most important flows** are:
- Review your week
  - Needs to be simple, concise, and “flexible”, like working on a piece of paper
  - Focus on managing the week more than completing tasks listed there
- Assign tasks to the day
  - Based on the S/M/L workflow
  - Drag and drop, suggestions, anything that can help the user plan their day 

